If you have any inquiries about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically.
Visiting these dealers online or in person is your personal choice.
For further information on this or any other topics email us using our Contact page.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement and privacy policy.
This privacy policy was last updated on July 10, 2014.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, contact our Member Services team at (800) 289-3787 or member@citizen.org.
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2, 2014.
Instagram may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically.
We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
Your continued use of the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
As a subscriber to the Site, or otherwise by using the Site, you signify that you agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not make any use of the Site.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail them to privacyadministrator@voicemediagroup.com, and be sure to indicate the specific site you are visiting and the nature of your question or concern.
For all questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at 646-536-2842; via email at privacypolicy@take2games.com; or, by regular mail.
From time to time we may change our privacy practices.
We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law.
We will also post an updated copy on our website.
Please check our site periodically for updates.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this page.
Please review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how we use and protect your information.
If we provide notice of changes via email, you consent to receiving email notice of such changes.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to the applicable Service email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here or call (310) 369-1350.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately.
If you prefer not to receive e-mail communications or postal mail or telephone calls from Food Allergy Research & Education, please notify us by email or calling 800-929-4040.
Our business changes constantly.
This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time.
Any such changes will be posted on this page.
If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via email.
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2, 2014.
By using this site or mobile application, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
We may also change the policy from time to time, so please be sure to visit this site often to see if anything has changed.
If we post changes and you continue to use the site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.
Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes. We will provide additional notice of significant updates. We will post the date our Policy was last updated at the top of the Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 6, 2009.
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your question relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials.
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of our Websites, or this Privacy Policy, and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us, those terms and notices will still govern your use of our website.
As is the case with any business, our business changes over time, and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated or changed at any time, as we deem appropriate.
We may email reminders of our notices and conditions.
You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies.
Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We would be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
You can also view correct, delete or change the information collected during user registration at any time at the profile page for that membership, app or website.
However, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others.
By force of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA), if we collect information that establishes that you are under 13 years old, we may disclose it to your parents if we are required to do so and restrict your access to our Apps unless we get verifiable consent from any of your parents
You may close Your account by contacting Us at abc.com.
Consult each individual browser's "help" feature for more information.
We employ a variety of measures to safeguard the collection, transmission, and storage of the information we collect.
This report provides details on our responses to requests to access, delete or opt-out under CCPA.
In addition, where our processing activities in respect of your data are subject to the GDPR, you may lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority.
The following third party partners may receive an ad request from us.
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive Privacy Policy (see Section 2 below).
